---
layout: post
title: Week 13, Reflect on Discussion about Open Source within Industries and Group Project on FreeCodeCamp
---



## Reflection on discussion

From the discussion about open-source within industry, my first takeaway is that for for-profit organizations, <!--more-->making the project open-source are largely because of interest concerns: some are open-source projects by several organizations to reduce development expense by reducing repetitive works, and some are for business purpose: within specific industries like medicine, transparency can improve the product's credibility. I used to think that they do open-source for charity, but after the discussion, I would say "a part of them is for charity". I realize no for-profit organizations are willing to do charity at their expense: they have shareholders to consider afterall. 

My second takeaway is that the open-source projects look like doing charity for their users, such as GitHub and Firefox, actually have their business model to make money besides charging advertisement fees: Github charges large organizations for more features, while Mozila's major revenues come from deals between search engines to make them Mozila's default. I also learned about other different business models for open-source softwares, like charging service fees. Sometime after Wednesday's lecture, I suddenly remembered a joke of Baidu Cloud, a free Chinese software for online file storage. The Baidu Cloud was extremely slow in uploading, taking an hour to upload 500MB. As users pay to upgrade their account, it will take only a minute. The joke says the developers achieved this disparity by writing `setTimeOut(function(){},3600000)`. 


## Reflection on group project work

For the FreeCodeCamp contribution this week, my hope last week came true. This Saturday, Jiajun called me, saying that there was an easy first-timers only issue, and I immediately made a PR as the only first-timer in the group. This Sunday, I found an easy issue, and the last PR by someone else didn't get merged because nobody responded the maintainer for three weeks, so I also made a PR. The first PR got closed as someone else's PR was passed by another maintainer, and my second PR is under review. 

In the second half of the semester, we made many small contributions, including several coding issues, several comments, and several articles translations. It's hard to say which issue is our greatest accomplishment, because we worked on many separate issues, so our greatest accomplishments are all the issues we figured out through collaboration, and our efforts working on issues we didn't solve can also be meaningful accomplishments. 

Regarding the failures, I am able to talk about some failures I made. Once I tried to solve an issue about logging a different error message in the console, and after an afternoon, I still couldn't reproduce the original error message. For the latest closed PR, a maintainer from Poland commented on it in the midnight, and I happened to see it. However, I was too sleepy, forgetting to commiting his suggestion and only commited the latest updates in the 'main' branch. As I woke up the next day and look at that issue immediately, it was closed by someone else's PR one hour ago. This Sunday I made a silly mistake: I accidentally removed my administrator access to the newly forked repository, so I couldn't add anyone to the repo. Unfortunately, I can't delete the repo and make a new one because there was a PR under review. 

The surprise on the project is that the maintainers for the Chinese translation are really nice: they invited me to a group chat of contributors, and the atmosphere in that community was perfect, with many latest updates on the freeCodeCamp Chinese articles. Another surprise is that regarding first-timer-only issues, so many people want to contribute to them. In every such issue that we contributed to, we were always having a competition with other contributors, and either our PR got passed or their PR got passed, depending on our speed and luck. 

Another surprise is that the "first come first merge" principle is actually good for our contribution, which is different from what I previously expected. That's because we have three people looking at the issues at the same time, and unlike most other contributors, we receive a grade for our contributions. Therefore, we are usually faster.
