---
layout: post
title: Week 4, Brower Extension Activity
---





The group work on browser is a very pleasant experience for me. My team-mates are very nice, and we collaborated smoothly. Everyone did their own parts, and it turned out to be successful. After the presentation and the group meetings, I have a thought of practicing more in organizing my languages. <!--more--> I'm having some troubles in organizing my words to explain my thoughts clearly to others, so that's what I need to practice on. In the group project, I worked well with Rufi and Yao, while it might because we view others' thoughts as important. I also realize that when working with people with stronger opinion and desire to express themselves, I need to organize words more clearly for my thoughts to be expressed. 

For the YouTube Interface customizer, I did the contribution page and readme file. I also started the idea of changing YouTube backgrounds and wrote the first background, skymode, even though in the beginning, I viewed the idea of background-changing as out-of-fashion, because four-outof-five extensions are background changers. However, I truly think that YouTube's background is somehow dull, with only one color, so I decided to make it more colorful. 

From the project, I learned about coding browser extensions. Though I know how to write javascript, browser extensions' languages are confusing for me, which has a lot of advanced features in javascript. I also became more proficient in using browser's terminal, because I need to find many classes in order the change the background of YouTube website. 

Among all the presentations of other teams, the one that provides a shortcut for searching on RateMyProfessor is my favourite. Everytime when I select courses on Albert, I always need to search for professors on that website, while it is very complicated for me to go to the website, click search professor by name, and type professor's name for many times. This web-extension can allow me to search a professor with a single click, which will largely save my time and efforts.