---
layout: post
title: Week 14, Open-source in Different Fields and Group Work Progress Report
---



## Different Fields and Open-source

In Wednesday's lecture, everyone shares the application of open source in a specific field. It looks like many of the open-source projects have a bright future, like the ones in the fields of food distribution, politics, game design, etc. The field that left me the most impression was "drink", because the project OpenCola is interesting. In the repository, there was only a PDF document with instructions on how to make Cola. I skimmed it line by line and found the warnings in the document intriguing. The disclaimer says "following directions may be hazardous to your body and property", and it basically claims if any trouble was caused, it's none of their business. In the instruction, there are many chemicals involved, but only at the end of the document, does the author warns that some chemicals are deadly toxic. I believe that after reading the PDF, anyone rational wouldn't try their recipe, so I highly doubt the plausibility of open-source in drink manufacturing.

By the way, an important takeaway from Wednesday's lecture was to always make the commit message specific.

## Reflection on this week's group project

This week is the last week before our presentation, and we had group meetings on Monday, Wednesday, and Sunday. On Monday's meeting, we discovered another first-time-only issue, and as usual, there are many contributors fighting to make pull requests. In order to be the first one, as the only first-timer, I quickly did what the instruction told me to do, and made a pull request before everyone else. Assuming the instruction is correct for a simple issue like this (it just requires us to change the name of one variable), I didn't run the code before my pull request to make my PR as fast as possible. However, my code didn't pass the tests, and the maintainer was really serious about this, writing long paragraphs telling me to follow the contribution guideline. Feeling guilty, I devoted myself to this issue as soon as I came home and found that the issue couldn't be solved without changing many other documents, which is a task I didn't dare to do as a part-time contributor. Several days later, when the maintainers investigated further on this issue after another contributor failed with the exact same codes I wrote, they found that it was unsolvable without more complex edits and closed the "help-wanted" label.

For this issue, we didn't write it on our Wiki but we wrote it on the presentation because it was a meaningful experience. It taught us to always run the code before submitting any coding pull requests. This experience also implies that for contributing to easy issues in FreeCodeCamp, it is pretty often for contributors to make PR without running the code, probably for speed concerns. That might be a shortcoming of the first-pull-first-merge policy.

In Wednesday's meeting, we finished our presentation slide, and in today's meeting, we went through the presentation and the timing was almost perfect. Hope we have a good presentation tomorrow.  
