---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


# Git Activity and Progress in Brower Extension


Before the git exercise, I used git for my own project, while five commands were enough for me: init, clone, add, commit, and pull. To me, Git had the same function as Apple Cloud and Android Shop. After the git exercise in class, I realized git was much more powerful than I previously thought: we could fork someone else's project, receive their latest updates synchronously, and make our own updates for their reference. The other part git impressed me was its ability to merge different versions while identifying the conflicts for us to decide which version to leave. Before this activity, I didn't realize the merge feature of git, because git did all the hard work for me secretly. This Git exercise really improved my understanding of git, and introduced me to many more useful commands I could use for contributing to open-source projects.

In the browser add-on activity, I learned a lot from my group members. Rufi invited us to group discussions, making it much easier for us to share our ideas and get the latest updates on our contributions. On Monday this week, Yao messaged us about his recent changes. On this Monday, when I finished dealing with most of my deadlines and took a look at his contributions, I was impressed by the thousands lines of code he wrote in just two days. Being influenced by the works of other group members, I was motivated to spend efforts on that extension. I was new to making browser extensions, so I examined the codes we had previously wrote, and played with changing some properties on the YouTube website. After I got more familiar, I started to implement the changes I would like to see on YouTube. The main difficulty I faced is that I had a hard time identifying the classes and id for different parts of the website. After getting more familiar with the website, things got much easier. Overall, I am impressed by how smoothly everything went in my group and impressed by the contributions of all of us.
