---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


# Code of Conduct Activity & My First Exposure to Open-source Contribution

## Answers to the prompts in Code of Conduct Activity 

### Part 1:

1)	In my perspective: there are two major benefits for having a code of conduct. First, it can serve as a behavioral guidance to everyone: it can guide how contributors should act in the project. In addition, it also has marketing value: from having a code of conduct, we can market the core values of a project, making it more trustworthy in the eyes of the public. I think every project would benefit from having a code of conduct.

2)	The first difference is in ¡°Enforcement¡± or ¡°Conflict Resolution¡±: the link¡¯s document promises that every complaint will receive feedback, while Go¡¯s document does not make such a promise. Maybe that¡¯s because of the large scale of the Go project so that there are too many complaints to be answered. The second difference is in ¡°Scope¡±: the Go¡¯s document added that ¡°This Code of Conduct also applies outside the project spaces when the Project Stewards have a reasonable belief that an individual¡¯s behavior may have a negative impact on the project or its community.¡± The reason might be that events outside of the project spaces might also has great influence on Go¡¯s project, so such events should also be monitored by Code of Conduct.

3)	Eclipse: https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php

This code of conduct adds additional sections, having the ¡°action¡± and ¡°investigation¡± parts in detail. That might be because eclipse¡¯s project management team has a mature system of handling violations of Code of Conduct, making it possible for specific actions to specific behaviors.

### Part 2:

Compared with Go¡¯s code of conduct, Sugar Lab¡¯s code of conduct is more about guiding contributors what to do when facing specific problems, and it doesn¡¯t have a link to report issues. This document is based on the Ubuntu Code of Conduct.

### Part 3: (Node)

https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md\
Node¡¯s code of conduct uses a template similar to the template in part 1: all sections of part 1¡¯s template are included in Node¡¯s code of conduct, while Node¡¯s has an additional section specifying enforcement guidelines. That section specifies what the community would do regarding different levels of violation.
\
 
## Reflection on My Experience

It is my first time to make contributions to open source projects. I started with the Open Street Map, and then Wikipedia. From that experience, I realized that contributing to open-source projects isn¡¯t as difficult as I previously thought: the process of editing the Open Street Map and making comments on Wikipedia is very user-friendly, so we can make contributions as soon as we have an idea.\
To be honest, at the beginning I was a little bit overwhelmed. They are large products, and they seem to be official, so I was worried about whether I could make any meaningful contributions as an individual without a college degree.\
\
When I dive deeper, making up my mind to contribute something to those projects, I found that Open Street Map and Wikipedia wasn¡¯t as official as I previously thought: many places around my home area doesn¡¯t have a name on Open Street Map; even as a large encyclopedia like Wikipedia doesn¡¯t know everything. I gradually realized that even as a twenty-year-old individual, I know about many things that Wikipedia and OpenStreetMap don¡¯t know about: I know the playground at the intersection of ChunShen Rd and WeiYe Rd belongs to my primary school; I know many things about the village of my hometown, which Wikipedia has no records about.\
\
In the first open-source project contribution in my life, I added my primary school onto the Open Street Map. It was a small edition, but at the time it was completed, there were a lot of thoughts coming up in my mind. I realized the importance of open-source projects: as different individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences, everyone in the world has something unique in their memory; everyone has a brilliant idea that no one else has come up with. By making a project open source, everyone can contribute their unique knowledge and idea to the project, thus making it a better one. Collaboration can make huge differences.
As a small contributor, I am also very pleased to contribute my own knowledge to the open knowledge base for everyone. I felt a sense of pride when I contributed something unique towards large open-source projects like OpenStreetMap. Realizing that I can contribute to those projects opened a new way for me to look at the Internet.
\
