---
layout: post
title: Week 9, Group Work Reflection and Invited Talk by Jim Hall
---



In Monday's presentation on FreeDOS by Jim Hall, he shared with us how he came up with an idea and developed FreeDOS. It was intriguing for us to know about what the development of software was like several decades before now: it was hard to imagine the computer had only several MBs of memory, and how the codes were written and preserved at that time without Github or Cloud Services. It was also the first time for me to have a look at how text editors and window desktops looked like at a very early time. Besides, I was impressed to know how difficult it was for a team to come to develop a DOS, which I have been using for granted throughout college. After coming up with an idea, it is really impressive to work on it for several years and make it an application. His share of his story and how the computer system looked like at that time was really intriguing.

The group work on Wednesday wasn't an easy experience for Connar, Jiajun, and me. After pulling from the original repository to the forked one, for unknown reasons, the FreeCodeCamp could not be started on local machines, and the error message couldn't help us find what was wrong, while it was impossible for us to find the mistake from a half gigabyte of codes. We were working on this for the whole class and an additional hour. Finally, we worked it through by restoring everything and pulling from the original repository again. Weirdly it worked while everything remained the same.

Hopefully outside the meeting, everything worked perfectly. In the early morning this Wednesday, Jiajun happened to look at the issues and found a recently open first-time-only issue, and he quickly solved it and made a pull request. Days before that, he translated an article and made a pull request to FreeCodeCamp Chinese, and had a meeting with the maintainer. Both pull requests were accepted. This week, I also managed to translate an article in the field I have the knowledge, and my pull request was also accepted. The maintainer contacted me through email, and I registered a developer account and scheduled a meeting with her for next Wednesday. The translation went smoothly for FreeCodeCamp, but fixing issues is a harder part to make progress. Since it is only accepted to fix specific labels of issues, and FreeCodeCamp's principle is "first pull first view", it was hard for us to work through a limited number of issues before everybody else. Besides that, I am glad that we selected FreeCodeCamp for the final project: the maintainers are super friendly, and some issues are very friendly to beginners.
