---
layout: post
title: Week 11, Reports and Discussion on "Bazzar"
---



In this blog, I will reflect on other groups' project reports and Wednesday's discussion of "The Cathedral and the Bazaar".

In Monday's project report, I had a feeling that <!--more-->most groups have had a good amount of progress in the past three weeks, with several contributions completed or under-working. I also had a feeling that other groups' projects tend to be very technical, which means I had a hard time figuring out what the projects were about even though I listened carefully. Compared with the progress of our group, other groups' projects tend to be harder to install, with several of the teams facing difficulties with installation. The project that impressed me the most was the contributions to sklearn. Their work was impressive, having a great number of contributions done, including much hard labor and more technical solutions. Their skill level and their efforts were both amazing.

For this week, our group had good luck. Connor found a fresh beginner-friendly issue just after Wednesday's lecture, and his pull request was quickly accepted. On Monday, I had a meeting with Miya, the ambassador of the FreeCodeCamp Chinese community. She showed me how to contribute to the translations and how to use FreeCodeCamp as a platform with great patience, and I was invited to join the WeChat channel of FreeCodeCamp. Despite having progress with contributing to the translation, I'm facing trouble in making progress in fixing issues. The issues we have access to contribute to are very limited, and among these issues, the issues I am able to fix are more limited. Therefore, I'm planning to set an alarm clock to notify me to check the FreeCodeCamp repo twice a day.

For the discussion on "The Cathedral and the Bazaar" on Wednesday, my favorite lesson is "treating users as codevelopers". The idea is brilliant, and it reminds me of a story. It was about an engineer. When paving the paths for a campus, he didn't do anything at first. After three months, the pedestrians on the campus left tracks from building to building, and the engineer paved the paths based on these tracks his users generated. When it comes to software development, this idea can also help us improve users' experience. Many times when I was using software written by small companies, I felt annoyed at how some developers may complicate things for us. My feeling when I used such software was like being forced to walk on a path where all the shortcuts were blocked, so I had to walk two times the distance. With users as codevelopers, this kind of undesirablel experiences would disappear. This lesson gave me some insights for building my own app: I would be better to invite my friends to use it first before deploying it, since it is impossible for me to find all the potential "shortcuts" by myself.
