---
layout: post
title: Week 16, Reports on FreeCodeCamp and Discussion on Chrispher Snider's presentation
---



In Wednesday's lecture, Chrispher made a presentation on the open-source project he is working on. Before the presentation, I think the concept of making the healthcare industry open-source is great. After the presentation, <!--more-->I think this concept is great as well. In addition, his presentation clearly gave me an idea of what his project is about and how it functions.

Personally, I am looking forwards to seeing how open-source could change the healthcare industry in the United States. In my two years living in America, the thing I had the most trouble with and complained the most about was the medical system: in my personal experience, doctors can do whatever they want to their patients, even without their acknowledgment, without any risks to themselves for the immoral actions. Meanwhile, if someone in the medical system made a mistake whether intentionally or not in the billing amount, it would take huge efforts for both the patient and the healthcare company to figure out the problem. Every time I faced such a problem as a patient, I missed China's medical system, in which the government took care of almost everything (the price a patient pays is super cheap) as long as a Chinese citizen pays 100 dollars per year.

However, under a free market economy in the US, solutions like that cannot be feasible. Chrispher's presentation gave me an alternative with a completely different idea: instead of centralizing the system, we can make it transparent through open source. Ideally, open-source projects listen to the users, and thus are open to improvements in user experiences. This feature is very hard for a centralized project. Meanwhile, being transparent can largely reduce uncertainty for patients, largely reducing the frequency of the common situation in the US, in which a patient receives a surprisingly expensive bill after going the doctor. I love the idea of making healthcare open-source.

After looking at users' comments on Tidepool, I realize there might be some difficulties in such an open-source project. Recently many users have complained about the functionalities of the software, as opposed to the appraisals of its concept when the app was first published. Still, I'm very excited to see how open-source can contribute to the healthcare industry, since it's a new concept and can solve many problems brought about by intransparency in the traditional healthcare system.

For the progress of our group working on FreeCodeCamp, we have identified an issue we could potentially work on. The reason is that the maintainers are still having a conversation about whether a change should be applied. In addition, someone has made a pull request to an issue we wanted to work on, so we are looking for more issues to work on. This week, there aren't new issues we can work on, so we are trying to find additional issues within the old ones.

For coding contributions, I am having trouble finding fixable issues. Both Jiajun and Connor had found workable issues, while I'm lagging behind. Several times, I found an "easy" issue, then I spent several hours realizing that it wasn't the right one for us. Connor and Jiajun gave me some useful advice on how to search for new issues from keywords and timelines. I really hope to find a workable issue this week with their advice and my alarm clock.

For the translation part, Jiajun and I find the articles under the freeCodeCamp/Chinese repository too long for us to work on under our current schedule, so we decided to shift our efforts to the translation through the Crowdin platform, where the translations are shorter.
