---
layout: post
title: Week 15, Week 1 Presentation
---



## Reflection on our presentation

Our presentation was on Monday's lecture. We were satisfied with the result since everyone devoted good efforts to practice after our meeting and we had a clear division of labor. Fortunately, <!--more-->the timing was also perfect: our presentation was better in detail as compared with our previous practice, while the timing was just within 20 minutes. Great job!

Reflecting on my part, though compared with my last presentation, I had improvements in the clarity of speech, there are areas I need to practice on. First, clarity of speech. I have to admit that it has always been an area I am not good at. It is difficult for me to clearly express something in my native language, and it might be harder to do so in English. In this presentation, by writing a detailed draft and practicing often, I reduced this issue to some extent. To be better at how to speak, reading materials and practicing how to organize language might be a good solution.

## Thoughts on Presentations

From the presentations last week, I realized something important for open-source contributions I had never thought about: the size of projects. Large projects have complex structures and higher speed of response, while there might be some divergences between different maintainers and it is hard to have access to the core of the project in a short time. Meanwhile, small projects have relatively simpler structures, and it is relatively easier to contribute to the core of the project, while the response rate might be lower. 

In every presentation last week, from sending friendly emails to the maintainers to always opening a new branch, there was always something I can learn from. The presentations which impressed me included but were not limited to SkLearn and Jarvis. Though I didn't know what these algorithms were about, the number and the quality of contributions of the Sklearn group were amazing to everyone. The contribution experience of the Jarvis group was intriguing, especially the one of shutting down the computer. 