---
layout: post
title: Week 7, Group Work Reflection
---





The group work with Connor and Jiajun was a nice experience. We wanted to choose the same project, the freeCodeCamp, and the guide to contributing was pretty clear, so we made a lot of progress in our first meeting. <!--more-->

A large reason why we selected this project is that it is based on Node, while all of us has taken AIT and experience in web development. In the first meeting, Connor and Jiajun successfully installed the project on Mac. Unfortunately I was lagging behind, having a hard time to run the website on my windows machine. I really appreciate Connor and Jiajun's guidance on the installation. However, a lot of unexpected bugs still happened on my computer when we followed all these instructions on the freeCodeCamp website. Hopefully I managed to work it through on Gitpod, an alternative way of contribution listed on the website.

After the first meeting, I am confident for our group work, because Connor, Jiajun and I all have good skills in web development and we are helpful to each other. Our time schedule was also perfect, with all of us having time for an in-person meeting after OSSD lectures. In the group work, I hope we can make plenty of meaningful contributions together to the freeCodeCamp website, including fixing bugs, improving user interface, and some small contributions like typos and CSS styles.

My biggest worry for the project was falling behind other contributors when claiming issues. FreeCodeCamp really gave me a sense of security for the large project, because the maintainers are friendly and always reply in time, and there are many beginner-friendly issues in the project. The only thing I worried about is that freeCodeCamp is super active: many issues are claimed in hours, especially for issues which could be worked through in a relatively short time, so it might be a problem for us to make our contributions timely enough. For that worry, I'm planning to check the project frequently, and claim a issue immediately when I find it to be solvable. We would make a more detailed plan for our next meeting on the Wednesday after spring break.
