---
layout: post
title: Week 6, Evaluating Different Open Source Projects
---


## Thoughts on some projects


In the group activity, we evaluated Brave Browser, and for my personal project evaluation, I evaluated FreeCodeCamp and Sugar, a free software aimed at children's education.

All the three projects I evaluated had good websites and clear contribution guidelines. Through more detailed evaluation, some noticable features of these projects are discovered. <!--more-->The Brave Browser is a very technical project requiring many hard skills, making it very hard for most of us to contribute. I like Sugar's website and guidelines for contribution the most. Still, I was surprised to find that the maintainers of the Sugar team are really disrespectful to contributors' efforts, offering nothing to help and taking every contribution for granted. FreeCodeCamp is my favourite choice among the three projects. The discussion is very active, and maintainers are super thankful and nice to contributors, guiding them hand-by-hand and always giving a warm thank-you message for their efforts.

After the evaluation, I am inclined to select FreeCodeCamp for the project to contribute. Besides nice maintainers and active discussions, the most important reason for me to choose FreeCodeCamp is that I am interested in front-end development, and I enjoy making websites.

## My expectations on working on an open source project


For me, the most exciting thing about working on an open-source project is collaborating with other contributors to make a project better. It will be a new experience for me to work on a long-term project with people I don't know. It was always great to collaborate with new people. When I played basketball in a park or played video games with other Internet users, I could sometimes feel the connection to a team or a community. That connection is a magical experience.

The biggest challenge I expect is also collaboration. It might be hard to communicate with the maintainers in charge of the project directly, so it will be likely to take some time between our suggestions or questions and the maintainers' responses. In addition, it might also be difficult to express our thoughts very clearly on a forum, given that we are not able to have face-to-face conversations or a zoom call and there is a delay in response. To overcome these challenges, I am planning to take a look at the discussion panel frequently enough to check the updates in a timely manner. Meanwhile, I am also going to attach pictures along with the descriptions to make sure that it is easy for everybody to understand.
