---
layout: post
title: Week 5, Discussions with Mek and small open-source contributions
---

## Discussion with Mek

In Mek's presentation on this Wednesday, the most rememberable part for me is that many large libraries collaborate with Internet Archive, with professionals scanning these books and materials. It is very glad to see that their are many people and organizations devoting themselves for the public wellfare of making material otherwise inaccessible for people to be open-source. <!--more-->

I always like libraries, because they provide everyone with the rights of accessing knowledge. When I was little, I liked going the the libraries for finding some novels to read. These interesting novels wouldn't be discovered by me if there were no libraries. The Internet Archive was a large library, and we can download materials from it without efforts like walking a mile, making ourlives much easier. I have always take websites like Internet Archive for granted until Mek's wonderful presentation showing all the efforts devoted to the Internet Archive.

## My Small Contributions

My small contributions include making comments on Wikipedia, editing the OpenSteetMap, and contributing to the Internet Archives. Besides these contributions, I am also looking for open-source projects I can contribute to. All these small contributions I made are non-coding projects, which falls into my area of expert. The biggest challenge for me is that I am having a hard time finding code contributions I am able to work on in Github. Projects I found are either too frequently contributed or too inactive, and many of these projects are outside of my current ability. The only potential project I have found is the FreeCodingCamp, which is contributor friendly and falls largely into my area.

The contribution I am most proud of was uploading books I really liked to the Internet Archive. I was surprised when finding that no one had uploaded some of these amazing books to the Internet Archive, which is a extremely huge data base. Thus, I uploaded local files to the database, and the process was much more easy than I expected.