---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Before taking the first lecture, when I hear the term “open source”, the first thing that came up to me was “Free”: I used to do copy and paste from Github to serve my own purpose, and I could easily figure out functions I could have never figured out by my own. Because of this, I viewed “Open Source” as cool things beneficial to everyone. To this end, I registered for this class. After taking the first lecture, I realized that “open source” is much more complicated than I thought, which involved a lot of technical issues while contributing one of the open-source projects is likely to be harder than I thought.\
\
<!--more-->
When searching more about the topic on Internet, I realized that besides many advantages (lower initial cost, thousands of experts working on it, continuous flow of new ideas etc.), open source software development can also have many problems. For instance, it is extremely hard to debug, since every piece of code are from everyone, while it is more difficult to figure out the purpose of a line of code written by someone else. In addition, among those who contribute to the project, we cannot exclude the possibility that someone has malicious intentions, which would be a threat to the overall development process. Furthermore, it might also be hard for a community of developers to communicate effectively in open source development.\
\
Open-source projects I really like include matplotlib in python, and Node, jQuery, and npm in JavaScript. In my last semester, I took a course needed to plot hundreds of graphs, while the professor required everyone to use Python. Hopefully there is Matplotlib, which has powerful functionality and could draw many different types of graphs with many choices of color. I want to be a front-end developer, so I took an online Bootcamp. In the Bootcamp, I found jQuery, which saved me a lot of time and efforts: with jQuery, I could abbreviate about ten lines of complex code into a single line of easy and readable code. I also learnt Node and npm. From npm, I can include many useful packages easily into my own project, making it much easier to handle requests and simplify the codes I need to write for a multipage website. Those projects made my coding life much easier, and made me interested in the field of open source development.
