---
layout: post
title: Week 10, Midterm Reflection and Progress in FreeCodeCamp Contribution
---



In this blog, I am going to add some reflections I didn’t mention in Monday's midterm reflection and report on our current progress on freeCodeCamp contribution.

On Monday's reflection in GradeScope, I wanted to write about Mek's Internet Archive, but after some struggle, <!--more-->I deleted my fourth answer because it has the least content among all my four answers and I wanted to follow the instructions. Thus, I decided to reflect on the Internet Archive less formally in this blog post, focusing more on the parts of the Internet Archive which left me the most impression. The first thing I am surprised about the Internet Archive is that it has a comprehensive collection of resources, with many of them having a long history: I can find many classical movies and old books, which are very hard to be accessed without the database. The second thing I am surprised about is that many of the digital copies on the Internet Archive were scanned page by page by library officials, which is a very impressive amount of effort.

On our progress on freeCodeCamp's contribution this week, we are actively waiting for solvable issues. Important progress we made on Wednesday's group meeting is that we found the cause of our previous issue with running the website on our local machine. The problem is caused by the fact that some packages unavailable on our local machines were added to the upstream repository. After we pulled the changes on our laptops, the website wouldn't be able to start before all the packages are installed. After this experience, we will install the additional packages after we sync our fork.

In addition to this finding, we also tried to work on an issue with error handling on freeCodeCamp's curriculum: there wasn't a notification for backend errors on the website, which might cause some confusion. We didn't think of it as a hard issue at first, but as we worked on that issue, we found it hard to identify to segment in which error simulation should be added given the structure of the codes could take a long time for us to figure out. Connor has reported this difficulty to the maintainers, and all of us are waiting for more issues on the freeCodeCamp repository. Besides that, Jiajun and I are working on more Chinese translations.
